README.md, before:

# CodeLingo Capture

[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-CodeLingo-green?style=flat)](https://codelingo.slack.com/messages/codelingo-dev)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/codelingo/codelingo?style=social)](https://github.com/codelingo/codelingo)

Capture ideas needed for coding Rules directly from VSCode simply by selecting the code and noting the needed Rule idea.

![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/codelingo/vscode-extension/master/images/capture-example.png 'CodeLingo Capture example')

## Login

On first use, you will be prompted to open a link in your browser in order to log in to CodeLingo with GitHub

## Usage

1. Select a code block that you would like to capture
2. ctrl + shift + p to bring up command input
3. Search for and select CodeLingo Capture
4. Enter a brief rule description when prompted
5. Hit enter and you're done! You will be provided a link to your new rule on the dashboard

## Contact

For help/feedback, connect with us on [Slack](https://codelingo.slack.com/messages/codelingo-dev) or email us at hello@codelingo.io.

Commit message:

Blank title (#10)
* Disallow blank title for rule

* Merge upstream/mastert

README.md, after:

# CodeLingo Capture

[![Slack](https://img.shields.io/badge/Slack-CodeLingo-green?style=flat)](https://codelingo.slack.com/messages/codelingo-dev)
[![GitHub](https://img.shields.io/github/stars/codelingo/codelingo?style=social)](https://github.com/codelingo/codelingo)

Capture ideas needed for coding Rules directly from VSCode simply by selecting the code and noting the needed Rule idea.

![alt text](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/codelingo/vscode-extension/master/images/capture.gif 'CodeLingo Capture example')

## Login

On first use, you will be prompted to open a link in your browser in order to log in to CodeLingo, using GitHub.

## Usage

1. Select a code block that you would like to capture
2. Ctrl + Shift + P to bring up command palette
3. Starting typing CodeLingo Capture
4. Enter a brief rule title and description when prompted
5. Hit enter and you're done! A link to your new rule will pop up

## Contact

For help/feedback, connect with us on [Slack](https://codelingo.slack.com/messages/codelingo-dev) or email us at hello@codelingo.io.
